---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

Hi, I’m John Paul. I suppose I need to tell you a little bit about myself and about this project. In summation, I’m a mid-30’s guy who’s trying to find his way through life. I’m the husband to a beautiful wife, and the father to a beautiful little girl. To that point, I always wanted a son and thought it would be strange raising a daughter. My baby, if you read this, know that God had different plans for our family and His ways are best. There is something so special about seeing you blossom into a loving, kind, and gentle young lady. Anyways, let’s steer this ship back on track. I’m an introvert and prefer spending time with family at home to almost any activity. My wife and I are adept at avoiding most social situations, probably to our detriment. I’m ashamed to admit that, in my younger years, my grandfather passed away 5 or 6 times. 
Professionally, I suppose you could say I’m a student. And I don’t mean this in the “you should strive to be a lifelong student” sort of way. I am that, but I’m actually a bona fide professional student. At the time of this writing, I’m halfway through my 7th year of an MD/PhD dual degree program. I still have two more years to go. Really, it’s too much. At this point I feel like I’m trying to wrap up the world’s longest and most expensive participation trophy. Okay, I’m being a little dramatic. I do have to do things. For those who are curious, I’m training to be a developmental biologist. My expertise is in the very niche field of joint development. As far as medicine is concerned, I have yet to decide on a specialty. I like the idea of being a pathologist, or maybe a rheumatologist, but time will tell. 
You might be asking yourself, “Why is this guy spending time sending random writings to float in the ether?” That’s a good question. And I have a pretty simple answer. I need to write. I need to write a lot. I’m trying to publish my research, and I must start writing my dissertation. Most of the writing advice I’ve received over the years starts with, “Just start writing something.” I’ve also read that many famous authors would spend time every morning journaling, or writing about random stuff, to get the proverbial creative juices flowing. This is my attempt to do something like that. Since I need to do lots of technical writing, I thought it would be good to start the day writing about actual, tangible things in my life. To say it another way, I intend to start my day writing about random things I’m interested in outside of work. But I may write a little about work too. And know you’re asking, “Okay, but why post it online?”. That’s a good question. I don’t think I have a good answer. Maybe I can figure that out along the way. 

